alright guys st. Patrick's Day on DJ's
brew tube and I got my Mix Master here
Johnny boy as you can see he's IRA she's
got the play place on so drink up what's
one on us guys and today we're going to
show you the goon base smash we've been
doing beers and beers and beers and
today we're going to be doing mixers
like we promised so here we go
and Johnny's going to make this up the
goon base mash what do we got Johnny got
a little bit of a darker on the air
we're gonna do a jigger half here they
don't know there's any ideas you must
start off doing it
sweeter than half damn you get dinner on
white the white needs a little stronger
one wife's getting crunk got a little
bit of coconut rum and do the same here
and a half of that Oh Malibu action
although you can write on this bottle
fire doing for my godson second birthday
well bit of spillage there clean that up
take a little bit of an apricot flavor
brandy sweet do is your that you know I
haven't had this so let's try this how I
love every part specialism nuts bet your
fiber for the day
alright there's a little bit of party
151 151 in the house just don't like
this new habit ater that vinegar that on
top
hello booze now you can do we got orange
pineapple mix you can do orange juice
and pineapple juice is a healthy drink
same time get your vitamins energy at
the top don't forget fill the glass with
ice damn I thought those your wife's
drink happy st. Patrick's Day happy st.
Patty's Day
you